Are you guys, do you guys want me to show you my new workflow that I've been testing out? Do you want to see my new workflow? All right, nice to see it. So, all right. So, let me let me just kind of give you a first an example of it all. So, I've been trying to do a little bit more LLM programming. I've been trying honestly for a long time, and what I've come up with is what I call this uh six or a seven a seven or six phase six phase work. And so, how six phase work works is that I ask it to go and

just create the structure definition. So, you can see right here that it just does like definitions. And then when it does the definitions, I go through here, I look at the definitions, and I give it a bunch of corrections to what I think aren't correct. I can do this from my phone. There's technically seven phases cuz phase zero is do research and come up with a plan for how you're going to do phases one through six. And so, I I I actually I can execute this from my phone or from my computer, and it's very

fantastic. And I say, "Hey, go do that." And then finally when I get to a place that I'm very very happy with, then I go to phase two. Phase two phase two does all the project tile API stuff. And so, it's just like, "Okay, here's what I want you to build." So, I was just like, "Hey, don't do that. Don't do this. Hey, don't do this one. We do not need an ad. Just inline it into update. No, don't do that. That's ridiculous. Don't do that.

Hey, go solve it, Cursor. Go and figure out those things." So, I'm kind of like slowly designing the thing one step at a time the way I would like to program it, right? iPhone, yeah, you have to. Cursor's Cursor's what's it called app is only on iOS. It's like their preview app's only on iOS. And then phase three, I tell it to do a bunch of to-do's for myself. And so, the bunch of to-do's effectively what it is I say, "Hey, add all the to-do's for exactly how you want

like where you're going to be programming at. I want to see all the to-do's." And so, I'm like, "Hey, you need to do a couple more to-do's right here. Hey, you want something right here. Hey, remove that. Do all that." So, it actually adds each of the to-do's along the way so that I know it knows what it's doing. I notice I missed this right here. I don't want this. This needs to be removed. I just realized that that sucks. So, I got to I got to go fix that. But, that's kind of like

the idea is that I can kind of walk it one step at a time. Hey, Ginger Bill. And so, that was my attempt. I see Odin, what a coincidence. Yeah, I am I'm talking about my new LLM strategy for attempting to use it for programming. So, cuz for the last 2 weeks I've been traveling, so I haven't been able to just sit down at the computer and program. So, I had to come up with a way that I could program while traveling. And so, what I did is I I make it go slowly through the process of building

something. First, define all the data structures. Second, define all the interfaces that we need. Third, design all the to-dos for what code needs to change. I want to change this part just looking at it. I missed this cuz I was again, I was on my phone. Phase four, which I thought was pretty uh smart. What phase four does is I say, "Okay, given all the to-dos we've created and all the data structures we've created, I want you to implement it. And then when you implement it, I want you to play I

have this like JSON mode. Play the game in JSON mode. And then after playing the game in JSON mode and making sure everything works, I want you to tell me where you actually uh couldn't program it. You had to go outside of all the to-dos." And so, or effectively where you had to kind of leave the path, right? And so, it seems like everything uh looked pretty good except for one part. I think it's missing something right here. There's There's one part that's missing. Let's see, where where

is it? Oh, anyways. So, you can kind of see what I'm doing is I'm just taking it one step at a time and attempting to actually program, like actually do a real programming while on the go. I usually just say, "Make the game Make me a game and make sure it's pretty good." Traveling engineer workflow. Yeah, I'm actually like all of that makes sense. Yeah, I'm actually like using the thing to actually make good changes. You know what I mean? Like, okay, so here's one

change. Here, we'll we'll just look at a we'll look at a full PR cuz I still got to do some work on this one that I don't really like I don't like what this thing has produced. So, I'm going to do There's a bunch of these I tried to create an MCP server. I tried to actually just slop an NPC server in there. Don't do that. It's absolutely awful. Uh There we go. So, here here's one that I I just recently did, which don't worry about this. This is just me

like, "Hey, okay, I What I wanted to really do here was I wanted to make Where Where are you? Where is the Where's the uh max? Yes, yes, yes. Where where are you? There you go. This is the fundamental change I wanted to make, which is instead of having a dynamic array, we will never have more than this many enemies, and I never want to remove an enemy. The reason being you never want to remove an enemy is during a singular level, when an enemy dies, you need to be able to play an animation.

So, if you remove the enemy from the array, you can't continue to update it. So, you actually want the ability to update and do things and all that. So, I made a static array that's just like this is how big the array is. That's it. Don't do anything, and we're just going to keep We only add enemies. And we'll have a dead and what time it died at. And so, that means we can have a max enemies of this. Maybe I'll increase how many enemies, all that kind of stuff. Blah blah blah blah blah. It doesn't

really matter. It just matters that it worked that way. And then at the every time we start a new wave, we can clear out the previous enemies, clear out the previous projectiles, all that kind of stuff. So, it may it makes sense, right? And so, like that's what I So, I found that this is actually This has been a pretty great way to go about doing a lot of these changes because the enemies and towers I now instead of doing what's it called? Instead of having the length of the enemies on a dynamic array, instead

I do the enemy count. I go in here and if the enemy is finished, then we continue, else we're going to draw the enemy, right? The exact same thing. We're going to draw the tower. We're going to do all that. So, it's actually pretty nice. Like it actually worked out. What is this game by the way? Well, the game's pretty neat. The game is kind of coming along. I don't know if it's running locally. Did you like that animation? I hand rolled that animation by the way. Did

you like that animation? Look little bat. Look at the little bat. This still sucks. I have a lot of polish to do. I decided not to do any sort of polish on it just to kind of get it going, right? All the stuff I want to change. There would be level one. There you go. You can grab that. You can then put this somewhere out here. Look at that. Look at that. It's kind of working, right? Now we have that one. I can end turn, which end turn just randomly spawns bat right now. Bats should be higher. Towers

don't fire. I can't click towers. But I've gotten it pretty far, right? Like we're getting back into making a game right now, huh? There's no speed up. It just spawns 10 bats. And none of the stuff that's actually really needed. So, there we go. So, I've gotten actually pretty pretty far. Adam really is the pixel king. Yeah. We're back in the tower. Loving the artwork. Yeah, Adam C. Younis built it. And so, I didn't use any AI by the way, look at this. None of

the bats are facing the right direction, right? We have a lot of polish to do. And a lot I just want to get the core mechanics back in and working. The thing is is we used Adam C. Younis to do all the work because he's actually really really good pixel artist. And I think this is where LLMs don't produce great code, but they produce even worse assets in my personal opinion. But I made this animation system. I hand rolled my own animation system, which I feel pretty proud about, right? I actually feel

really proud of the fact that I made my own I made my own animation system, right? I love that I love that I was able to do that. I feel very good about it. It's hand crafted, artisanal, all that kind of stuff. They are sit with anything animated. Yeah, they're just not good. And anyway, so there is my what's it called? That is my workflow. But so, I kind of got tired of doing this because it's like it's great that I can be traveling. I went to a place without service, so I only got spotty service every now and

then. So, I could craft my message, send it off, come back in an hour, and boom I had a little update to my PR and I could slowly move things through without turning my project into horse Can we all agree that if you just simply say, AI go do the thing, it turns it into horse Are you making it run implementation test? So, that's kind of the interesting part. Here, I'll show you this I'll show you this thing I kind of created here. I don't have a lot of tests. I have some basic like layout

tests and animation tests, but I don't have a lot of tests. And the reason why is that I have this instead, which is shoot, I made I made I It's such a It's such a goofy way to do things, but I I wasn't sure if it was any good. Is I have this right here. It's a series of functions that you can call, and I can do this. I can go like this. Odin run dot dash dash dash dash JSON. And this will run a game, and now it's in JSON mode. It's actually running the full game. It's

just instead of rendering to raylib, it's just doing JSON. And so I can actually do things I can pass in JSON and it will go and it will actually process that JSON and do stuff with the game. So what I can do is I can do something like this. Um let's just let's just whip this thing out. cursor. There we go. Uh let's see. Let's just jump into this this thing right where where's my composer do I fast? Let's see. Play the game in JSON mode and place one Let's see. Place one tower for me. Record

every um record every uh JSON output uh JSON output to a file so we can replay it. Make the file uh make the file out.json. There we go. And so it's going to go. It's actually going to go and figure out how to play the game in JSON mode. It will then launch it and then it has a bunch of ways to move cards around. It actually sends in events and it actually can move cards around and everything. So whenever I do a test, whenever I change anything, it just runs. It's not MCP because I wanted

something a little bit more robust than MCP. I wanted to be able to just emit events as well and stuff like that. That's just like a little bit different than MCP. But it goes and it runs things and it can do a bunch of different mouse operations. It can do all of that. Uh and so it can actually go through and step it uh step it all and do all that. Let's see if it is it actually doing that? Uh tail f out. Am I getting anything here? I'm curious if it's going to Is it actually going to put anything

in there? Come on, cursor, go faster. Come on, composer. Okay, then I'll show you my actual new kind of way I'm doing things. So this was one of my ideas is that So the reason you're probably asking me, why am I building a game like this? By having a JSON mode in which you can fully put through every single mouse operation and everything, what I have done, uh let's see on uh read uh through the uh let's see scripts uh let's see for how to control and launch the game. I should have probably I should probably

put that in like some sort of agent MD or whatever. Uh anyways, the reason why I built it this way is what I wanted to do is I want to to able to create a real agent loop and say, "Okay, you're going to play as the blacksmith. I want you to play 1,000 games and I'm going to inspect your win percentages when I'm done. I want you to come up with a strategy. I want you to talk about like I want you to figure out all the things. I want you to do all of the stuff that actually like I I you're going to write

down a file of skills and how you you think your best strategies are and I'm going to let you go as far as you can and I'm going to see what cards you win the most with, which cards you win the the least with and I'm going to see how far I can kind of take it, right? Yeah, kind of like playwright playwright CLI kind of thing for game dev effectively is what I've made it. And so, whoopsies, I'm sitting on something that's like kind of pokey. Oh, I was doing yard work yesterday. I kept something in my pocket

from yard work. Um anyways, so there we go. So, I did do a bunch of this. It did do all that. It did a render request, render request, got all that stuff. Click agent mode. It did all this. So, it can just drive the UI. Yes. Yes, do it now. That's what you're supposed to do. Do the thing. Do the thing. Do the thing. Right. And so, I I spent a lot of time on this because every time I make a cloud every time I make a cloud action to change something about the game, I want to go through the

six-phase planning that I've been doing and then on top of it, I want to go and make sure I can run the game and play the game and do something that's like meaningful, not a bunch of like I I just don't want horse crap in my game cuz dude, agents left alone just produce horse crap. They produce absolutely awful. You know what I mean? I really hate all this LLM terminology such as agent and loops. Agent is just something that runs uh really in a loop and a loop uh does prompt still try to code it all

all the time. Yes, it's just when I'm traveling, I can't. And so, that's I had to come up with a way to be able to program while traveling. Like if I don't have access to a keyboard, I still want to produce the code I would produce. And there's sometimes I the hard part is I'm still kind of bad at reviewing and so, sometimes I let code slip kind of the way I don't want it to. Like sometimes I actually let a little bit of logic happen in the UI layer that I'd rather

have in the game layer. And it's just because sometimes I'm just not that You know, I'm not a I'm not really great at reviewing code. I've never been that great at reviewing code and so that's definitely a weakness that I'm finding that I accidentally let slip here and there. So I have to go through and do a bunch of editing and make sure things work. Anyways, so it's kind of fun. All right, so let's go like this. So I'll show you my kind of new way I've been doing

things, okay? So I wanted to try out could I could I bring my kind of six phase planning into something that's a little bit more interesting. And so that's where I came up with the idea of 55. So what 55 does is that I have a list of projects that I can have. This one's called the damage because I wanted to make it so that when an enemy gets to the end of the map, it just does one damage to me, right? Like get something just get anything inside the game. So it starts off It starts off and I have this like I I

immediately start off with like, "Hey, you're going to go through seven phases of planning. Say acknowledge when you're ready to do this." And then it does that and then I tell it, "Okay, this is what we're going to do." And it's going to go through that and I can see all the phases that it's going through and as it builds it, I can see what it's doing. And when I jump to a project, so when I did that, let's see here, let's go back home. Right now if I go like this,

present working directory, you'll notice that I'm in right here, Prime Engine Personal UN2. When I go into here and I do uh present working directory, you'll notice that I'm actually in a work tree. So it's a specific work tree that can have pending changes. If I go into here, you'll notice that I have some pending changes right here. If I want to look through my pending changes, I have something called here. I'll just go like this, require 55. I have something called um inspect. Now inspect what

inspect will do is it will take every Git hunk and it will put it into the quick fix list. So I'll go like this, uh inspect. And so here's all my different uh quick fix. It made it made some changes to the phases cuz I told it to do that. And so right here, you can say like, "Hey, okay, I've added this player. I've done this thing right here. I've done a player create right here. Here's the damage to the player when the when the enemy gets to the path." We're

still this this branch still has ordered removals which I'll have to get rid of. Uh you You see it kind of is doing each one of those things. So I'm like, "Okay, I need to get rid of this order removal." So, I'll go like this. Uh please pull uh pull from master and resolve uh conflicts. Enemies uh enemies no longer are removed uh removed, but marked dead if they die from damage or uh completed if they make it to the end. Path percent is 100%. There we go. Now, it's going to go and it's going to do

all that stuff. And you can see that it's working. So, I know that I don't have I I don't have to do anything cuz the thing is working right there. So, if I go back to here, if I go back to home, you can see that this thing is running. So, I can know that it's actually off doing something and I don't have to go and edit it. And so, the whole idea is that I can go in here and I can make all the edits that I want, you know, with my old hand and go, "Okay, I don't like any

of these things. Let's try that new uh API that I just added. Require 55." So, I don't know if I'm going to release this thing publicly yet. Uh toggle diff lines. I'm just curious if this works. Uh toggle diff lines. Nice. Yes. Okay. So, this is what I just added. It added this. Okay, interesting. It must have just got moved down. And so, okay, cool. Cool. Yeah, player health. Yeah, player was added right there. Okay, awesome. Uh here we go. We're already in one of these little It's we're in the process

of updating. So, do you see what I've kind of done here? I thought it was pretty clever, this idea of like, "All right. So, I can go and tell it to make something." And then when it makes something, I can go and I can just edit the code. And I can walk through the six-phase planning without um I can walk through six-phase planning locally. And so, the obvious next step I'm going to be doing is that I also want to be able to do it on cloud. So, when I'm actually working, I can say or if I if I have to

go leave and I'm not going to uh could use work trees. That's what I'm using. I'm using work trees. If I'm working and I'm like partway through a commit and then I have to go leave say for the day or for whatever, I can just go to my computer and I'm going to send it up to the cloud. And then I'll have it on my phone and I can finish off the change on my phone. And so, that's kind of the idea is that I want to be I still want to be the one in control of the code. I

still want to be the person that's actually doing the coding and the reviewing and everything I don't like. Instead like one thing I really hate doing, like you can see that I had to do it here cuz I was doing this from my uh uh from my phone, the one that I was just showing right wherever that was. This. Like these, I would just rather put them in myself. As I'm looking through the code being like, "No, I don't like that. No, I want to do this. No, I'm going to do that." Like I'm just

going to make the changes myself cuz I can just do it much much faster. I hate I hate going through and like describing in English an API change I want. It's very very very annoying. Right? Like I I just hate that. And something like I just recently had to make a change uh I was on the run so I couldn't do it. But I I made a change where um let's see descend. There we go. Where I wanted to make sure that it actually returns out the element for mouse checking as opposed to doing the mouse

interaction here cuz before it used to do the mouse interaction here which led to a bunch of problems. Instead, I wanted to just find the most the the most high Z ordered interactive element and it's just for a very very complex bug. I tried to get the agents to do this like seven times while traveling. I could not get it to write normal code. No matter how many times I was like, "Bro, just return the effing element. Do the check here. It's simple. Just do the damn thing." And it's just like, "I

can't do it. I can't do it." So I just I busted out the code in like literally 15 minutes. It was so simple. And then I was just like, "Dude, I hate it. I Dude, I hate describing some problems." Some problems are just horrible to describe in English. Some problems are just the worst in the universe to describe in English. And so you just have to say no. Yeah, they So this is me trying to figure out me trying to reason about how to do what's it called called better better programming myself. Right? Can I

Can I become a good programmer while using an LLM? Because here's the deal. You guys expect me to have answers about AI and I wanted to make sure I am deeply thoughtful of exactly how I do it. Now I I never finished off step four which step four by the way is my favorite is is my favorite step. All right, good. There we go. We're done now. It's done with this so now we can go in here. So it has it all the way down here. So phase four I'm actually pretty excited about. I need to make this look

a little bit nicer. I was thinking about doing something that was a little bit prettier than this. Um, but I have a pretty I think I have a pretty good idea here, which is what if Oh, I don't know if I actually did it because I I just realized that I was in the middle of I'm curious if I actually did it. Um, did I No, okay, nice. Just because I quit in the middle while it was still running like I quit Vim, so maybe the agent died. But I have this phase four, what I do for phase four, which I thought was

really clever, is phase three I bunch I have So, by the time I get to phase three, I have to-do's in every single spot that I want code to change. I have all the structures, I have all the interfaces set. So, phase four, what I do is I have it implement the change, run the JSON mode, make sure it can play through a game, and then undo all the changes, and say this is where I had the break the to-do's like I had to break from the to-do. I had to do all this. So, it actually gives me a step-by-step

like, "Hey, I had to make an edit over here because I couldn't figure out this part. We should address this. Hey, I couldn't make an edit over here. Can you figure out this part?" So, I try to make it do something that's like a little bit smarter. Anyways, there you go. And then five is add in variance, and then six is uh six is actually implement the thing. Seven is profit. No, seven is finishing a game is my goal. So, the essence is that you get it to not do more than you

ask for. Sort of it's more like the essence is I I'm the one that still determines exactly when code is ready to go to the next step. If the data structure does not look correct, then we do not go forward. If the interface does not look correct, do not go forward. If the to-do's do not look correct, do not go forward. Can we implement the Can we implement what I've asked for with the to-do's, data structures, and new interfaces without having to go anywhere else? If not, break it again, right? And

so, that's what it is. When you releasing 69? Currently at 55, I guess. Well, it's named 55 because of a battle rifle Halo. So, the battle rifle is the BR55. See, the last one I the last time I did a a library that was a AI in Vim, it was actually sniper rifle Halo. Whoopsies. And that is called the SRS99. So, 99 was my first AI library. 55 is my second one because it's a little bit more spray, but it's still an accuracy weapon over a spray and pray weapon, right? So, it's like it's a little bit

it's a little bit different. You see what I You see what I did there? Cuz it's not an AR. I'm not just like spraying crap all over my code base. It's It's It's meant to be precise. The needler win? Oh, that's a good question. The needler, that could be that could be the answer soon. Spiker, I like guns, too. This ain't This ain't no needler, exactly. Here's the game public repo? Uh the Lua version is. So, if you go to Mordoria and you go to uh here. I think

it's called V2. There you go. This was the This one is much further along. It's actually pretty dang far along. It has a custom UI system, but the UI system in this one is retained mode. In the new UI In the new Odin one I've made, it's actually not retained mode. It's uh immediate mode. The animations are in immediate mode as well. Everything is all immediate mode. It's It's pretty fun. I built it every single thing. Uh fun fun fact, go to main.odin and I go to my JSON loop, where's my JSON?

There it is. If I go here and I'm going to go like this, uh count equals zero and I can go count plus equals one. If count um let's see modulo 100 equals zero, then I'm just going to go like this, format. Yep, there we go. Get that guy in there. Boom. You can't use ln. It always tries to use ln. It loves the idea of using ln, even though ln does not work. And then I'm going to go like this. I'm going to go odin.run.json. Am I not printing? Are we not printing? Sir, where's my printings at? Okay. What

the heck is going on here? Why What the heck is going on here? Bro. Bro, what are you doing? It should be It should be nicely printing. Why are you not printing? What the hell's going on here? What the hell's going on here? Hold on. Guys, I'm an idiot. I'm in a different work tree. I'm in a different work tree. I'm in a I'm in a different work tree. It took me a It took me a second, okay? It took me a second. I was like, wait a second what the heck what the hell is this actually no let's go

count plus equals one if count no if modulo 100 no stop with the do why does it love just why why do you love LLN why can I not do what I needed to do oh my gosh it can't it can't auto complete there do I have any cores I don't import core format there we go the nice part is look at how fast we do loops so loops go super ultra duper duper fast isn't that nice so I can play it like it can play it like it plays it like 40,000 frames a second or some nonsense some just absurd number that is

fantastic so when I when I'm actually doing testing I can test super fast anyways there we go there we go at least that at least this will it ever go public that's the goal the goal is to release the game as an actual game right that's what I'm doing it are we vibe coding or what no we're not vibe coding so there you go I just wanted to show you guys my my process for those that don't know my my six step process it's pretty straight I'll just I'll just say it all right here one are structs

right so we need to know what what are the data structures we're building two is interfaces what are the functions we need to create or change three is to do's where in the code base we need we need to change four is mock implementation well not actually mock implementation impel impel then revert I think this one's actually like this one's the best right here and then explain to me where you had the break from the to do's the interfaces or the structs to get around stuff to be able to implement it right

number five is invariance add any invariance which by the way I cannot figure out how to get this thing to do invariance right holy cow LLM's are horrible at this step and then six is impel and so that's that's how I do any sort of feature as of right now when I ever I had to use an AI wasn't it at point eight no point eight MS is what's it called point eight MS is hard coded it doesn't actually sleep see it It actually do a loop it just does test loop DT. I just want the game to update

at a consistent amount of time being passed. It's not No actual time is being passed. Uh the feedback loop of number four sounds really great. It's It's fantastic. It's shocking. Like doing number four has been the greatest change in how I design my programs yet. Cuz even if I don't use an AI, just doing that just doing this right here, and even if I hand code it and see what happens, it's it goes okay, here's all the places I had to break it. It's like a great way

to get information back, right? What tab auto complete are you rocking? Nine Not 99, Supermaven. I still have I still have a what's it called? I still have a sub here. So, I get it. It's so good. 250 ms latency. Honestly, Supermaven, if I was just locked in programming, it's better than I I think I can go faster and better than any LLM when programming my program, right? If I don't care about a lot of that, then yeah, it's different. And then the last thing I the last thing I really wanted to do, and I

don't think this works at all, is that I wanted to do I want to be able to Oh, look at this. Cloud is up, so I can technically cloud things up. I want to be able to fetch like clouds and do stuff that's interesting, which I don't have I don't Let's see. So, CG will go will will go to cloud. So, right now I'm in the middle of this prompt right here, which you guys have seen. So, if I go control G, 55 records cloud a cloud handoff prompt. Oh, so I can go uh say yes when you are ready. I wonder if

I it doesn't Okay, interesting. I was curious what's going to happen here. Okay, yeah, I haven't I haven't tested any of it out yet. But I have this idea that I want to be able to take what I'm currently working on and say, go to the cloud. And if it can go to the cloud, then I want to be able to just see it right here and see it on my phone. That'd be super cool. So, I I This is just me testing something out to see if it's even possible. I don't know I don't

know how possible it is, but that'd be sweet. So, that way if I'm like, okay, I'm 95% done, hey, go to the cloud. I'll figure out where to go. Anyway, so there you go. That's my current attempt. I don't know if it's good or if it's bad or if it I I actually have no idea. Honestly, the reason why I'm not releasing 55 like I did release 99 is that 99 was me experimenting in public, but I don't know I don't know if 55 is the right choice, so I don't want to

release it again. Right? Cuz I don't know if 99's the right choice, so I want to first really like it.